




































                             and
                           CHAPTER IV
                          cause,
                         Said
                         With
                         whole
                        condemn
                        denial; We
                       I'll take no
                       death."'
                       you
                      old Fury:
                      to
                      try the
                     "I'll
                     must have a
                     no jury
                    YOU.  --Come,
                    `Fury said to a
                    cunning
                   be jury,"
                   dear Sir,
                   mouse, That he
                  or judge,
                  prosecute
                 a trial,
                 judge, I'll
                 met in the
                 trial:  For
                The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
                law:  I will
                would be
               "I'll be
               cur, "Such
               house,
              both go to
              breath."
              really this
              wasting
             mouse to the
             our
            "Let us
           Said the
           morning I've
          nothing
         to do."
  Alas! it was too late to wish that!  She went on growing, and
  Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about
  And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other,
  By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with
  It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected:
  It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and
  Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full
  Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it;
  The Mouse only growled in reply.
  This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party.
  Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about,
  `A knot!' said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and
  `And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?'
  `But then,' thought Alice, `shall I NEVER get any older than I
  `He took me for his housemaid,' she said to herself as she ran.
  `How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, `to be going
  `I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly:  `you had got to
  `I didn't mean it!' pleaded poor Alice.  `But you're so easily
  `I had NOT!' cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
  `I shall do nothing of the sort,' said the Mouse, getting up
  `I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!' said Alice aloud,
  `I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!' she said to herself in a
  `It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, `when one
  `Mary Ann!  Mary Ann!' said the voice.  `Fetch me my gloves
  `Oh, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself.  `How can you
  `Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after
  `THAT you won't' thought Alice, and, after waiting till she
  `What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory, as soon as it
  `You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely.
-but then--always to have lessons to learn!  Oh, I shouldn't like
As she said this, she came upon a neat little house, on the door
HERE.'
I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a
In a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of
Oh my dear paws!  Oh my fur and whiskers!  She'll get me
SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said to herself,
Some of the birds hurried off at once:  one the old Magpie began
THAT!'
When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that kind of thing
`How surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!  But I'd
`That's quite enough--I hope I shan't grow any more--As it is, I
`What are you thinking of?'
`whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what this
a pair of the gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when
a table in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two
addressing nobody in particular.  `She'd soon fetch it back!'
after the birds!  Why, she'll eat a little bird as soon as look
against the ceiling, and had to stoop to save her neck from being
am now?  That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman-
and be turned out of the house before she had found the fan and
and called out to her in an angry tone, `Why, Mary Ann, what ARE
and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few
and she heard it muttering to itself `The Duchess!  The Duchess!
and walking away.  `You insult me by talking such nonsense!'
and, as there seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting
another minute there was not even room for this, and she tried
as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window, and one
at it!'
before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing
began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited.
better take him his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.'
bottle does.  I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for
broken.  She hastily put down the bottle, saying to herself
but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips.  `I know
but, as the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed
by mice and rabbits.  I almost wish I hadn't gone down that
called out in a trembling voice to its children, `Come away, my
can't get out at the door--I do wish I hadn't drunk quite so
catching mice you can't think!  And oh, I wish you could see her
dears!  It's high time you were all in bed!'  On various pretexts
dropped them, I wonder?'  Alice guessed in a moment that it was
effect, and she grew no larger:  still it was very uncomfortable,
engraved upon it.  She went in without knocking, and hurried
executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!  Where CAN I have
fancied she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly
finish his story.
foot up the chimney, and said to herself `Now I can do no more,
footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half hoping
for your walk!" "Coming in a minute, nurse!  But I've got to see
getting home; the night-air doesn't suit my throat!' and a Canary
glass.  There was no label this time with the words `DRINK ME,'
gloves and a fan!  Quick, now!'  And Alice was so much frightened
gloves.
growing, and very soon had to kneel down on the floor:  in
hard against it, that attempt proved a failure.  Alice heard it
her eye fell upon a little bottle that stood near the looking-
her pet:  `Dinah's our cat.  And she's such a capital one for
it; and the others all joined in chorus, `Yes, please do!' but
learn lessons in here?  Why, there's hardly room for YOU, and no
looking anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something;
looking anxiously about her.  `Oh, do let me help to undo it!'
looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, and she
melancholy tone.  `Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm
messages for a rabbit!  I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on
messages next!'  And she began fancying the sort of thing that
minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
much!'
never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!  There
never to lose YOUR temper!'  `Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her
of which was a bright brass plate with the name `W. RABBIT'
offended, you know!'
on, `that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it began ordering
or three pairs of tiny white kid gloves:  she took up the fan and
other arm curled round her head.  Still she went on growing, and,
ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!  And when
out of the room again, no wonder she felt unhappy.
patience of an oyster!'
people about like that!'
quicker.
rabbit-hole--and yet--and yet--it's rather curious, you know,
really I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'
reason to be afraid of it.
room at all for any lesson-books!'
said the Lory.
say to itself `Then I'll go round and get in at the window.'
saying to her daughter `Ah, my dear!  Let this be a lesson to you
she kept on puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so
she trembled till she shook the house, quite forgetting that she
sorrowful tone; `at least there's no room to grow up any more
stairs.  Alice knew it was the Rabbit coming to look for her, and
sure she's the best cat in the world!  Oh, my dear Dinah!  I
swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and
that her idea of the tale was something like this:--
that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without
that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming back to
that the mouse doesn't get out."  Only I don't think,' Alice went
the Mouse only shook its head impatiently, and walked a little
the effect of lying down with one elbow against the door, and the
the fifth bend, I think?'
the little door, had vanished completely.
they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.
this moment!'  Then came a little pattering of feet on the
this sort of life!  I do wonder what CAN have happened to me!
trying to explain the mistake it had made.
upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the real Mary Ann,
very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were
was now about a thousand times as large as the Rabbit, and had no
was quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of
wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about
whatever happens.  What WILL become of me?'
wonder if I shall ever see you any more!'  And here poor Alice
would happen:  `"Miss Alice!  Come here directly, and get ready
wrapping itself up very carefully, remarking, `I really must be
you doing out here?  Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of
young Crab, a little snappishly.  `You're enough to try the