


































                            CHAPTER I
                          Lewis Carroll
                      Down the Rabbit-Hole
                ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND
               THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 2.9
         *       *       *       *       *       *
     *       *       *       *       *       *       *
     *       *       *       *       *       *       *
  After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided
  Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small
  Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister
  Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a
  And so it was indeed:  she was now only ten inches high, and
  Down, down, down.  There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon
  Down, down, down.  Would the fall NEVER come to an end!  `I
  Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she
  However, this bottle was NOT marked `poison,' so Alice ventured
  In another moment down went Alice after it, never once
  It was all very well to say `Drink me,' but the wise little
  Presently she began again.  `I wonder if I shall fall right
  So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could,
  Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of
  The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way,
  There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she
  There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice
  There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked;
  `Well!' thought Alice to herself, `after such a fall as this, I
  `What a curious feeling!' said Alice; `I must be shutting up
Alice was not going to do THAT in a hurry.  `No, I'll look
But do cats eat bats, I wonder?'  And here Alice began to get
First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was
How she longed to get out of that dark hall, and wander about
I could shut up like a telescope!  I think I could, if I only
POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to
Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and she tried
Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.
THROUGH the earth!  How funny it'll seem to come out among the
`I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.  Let
`poison,' it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or
all think me at home!  Why, I wouldn't say anything about it,
among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains, but
an ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking!  No, it'll
and Alice's first thought was that it might belong to one of the
and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a
and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the
away went Alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it
bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of
bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either
beautifully printed on it in large letters.
before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to
began talking again.  `Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I
but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-
certainly was not here before,' said Alice,) and round the neck
considering how in the world she was to get out again.
corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen:  she found
curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a little
door about fifteen inches high:  she tried the little golden key
doors of the hall; but, alas! either the locks were too large, or
down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to
down here with me!  There are no mice in the air, I'm afraid, but
earnestly, `Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:  did you ever eat a
even if I fell off the top of the house!' (Which was very likely
ever having seen such a thing.
falling down a very deep well.
fell past it.
field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had
first,' she said, `and see whether it's marked "poison" or not';
for she had read several nice little histories about children who
for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether
going out altogether, like a candle.  I wonder what I should be
going to shrink any further:  she felt a little nervous about
had got burnt, and eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant
had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few
had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to
hanging from the roof.
have to ask them what the name of the country is, you know.
her face brightened up at the thought that she was now the right
her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never
her saucer of milk at tea-time.  Dinah my dear!  I wish you were
here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.  She
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps
in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
it off.
it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have
it's getting!'  She was close behind it when she turned the
it, or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like
itself, `Oh dear!  Oh dear!  I shall be late!'  (when she thought
know how to begin.'  For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things
labelled `ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it
later.
lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY good
like a telescope.'
like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember
like then?'  And she tried to fancy what the flame of a candle is
listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over) `--yes,
looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw.
me see:  that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for,
moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself
moment:  she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her
my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, `it would be of
never do to ask:  perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'
never forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked
noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves;
of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White
of mixed flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast
of the bottle was a paper label, with the words `DRINK ME'
on going into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when
on the bank, and of having nothing to do:  once or twice she had
opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to
or Longitude I've got to?'  (Alice had no idea what Latitude was,
or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to
other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle,
passage, not much larger than a rat-hole:  she knelt down and
peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no
people that walk with their heads downward!  The Antipathies, I
pictures or conversations in it, `and what is the use of a book,'
question, it didn't much matter which way she put it.  She felt
rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy sort of
say, as it turned a corner, `Oh my ears and whiskers, how late
say.)
see anything; then she looked at the sides of the well, and
shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs!  How brave they'll
she could not even get her head though the doorway; `and even if
she got to the door, she found he had forgotten the little golden
should think!'  (Dinah was the cat.)  `I hope they'll remember
sight, hurrying down it.  There was not a moment to be lost:
size for going though the little door into that lovely garden.
solid glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key,
somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she
sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
telescopes:  this time she found a little bottle on it, (`which
that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she
that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of
the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble
their friends had taught them:  such as, that a red-hot poker
them.  However, on the second time round, she came upon a low
things indeed were really impossible.
things, all because they WOULD not remember the simple rules
think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to
think--' (she was rather glad there WAS no one listening, this
this; `for it might end, you know,' said Alice to herself, `in my
thought Alice `without pictures or conversation?'
through the air!  Do you think you could manage it?)  `And what
time, as it didn't sound at all the right word) `--but I shall
to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling
to taste it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort
took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was
true.)
turkey, toffee, and hot buttered toast,) she very soon finished
very little use without my shoulders.  Oh, how I wish
was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in
was empty:  she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing
was walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very
way, `Do cats eat bats?  Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, `Do
went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on
will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud.
wonder what was going to happen next.  First, she tried to look
wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural);
wondering how she was ever to get out again.
you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know.
you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her