
































                           CHAPTER II
                        (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).
                        The Pool of Tears
                    NEAR THE FENDER,
                HEARTHRUG,
              How neatly spread his claws,
              Improve his shining tail,
              On every golden scale!
              With gently smiling jaws!'
            ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
            And pour the waters of the Nile
            And welcome little fishes in
            `How cheerfully he seems to grin,
            `How doth the little crocodile
         *       *       *       *       *       *
     *       *       *       *       *       *       *
     *       *       *       *       *       *       *
  After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the
  Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very
  And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it.
  As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another
  As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was
  Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall:  in
  Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a
  Poor Alice!  It was as much as she could do, lying down on one
  She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, `Which
  So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
  Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under
  `Come, there's no use in crying like that!' said Alice to
  `Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much
  `I wish I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice, as she swam about,
  `I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, `for her hair goes in such
  `I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and
  `Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, `to speak to this
  `You ought to be ashamed of yourself,' said Alice, `a great
English); `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that
I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!  However, the
It was the White Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome,
Mabel, I'll stay down here!  It'll be no use their putting their
Multiplication Table doesn't signify:  let's try Geography.
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very
`Dear, dear!  How queer everything is to-day!  And yesterday
`That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at
`They must go by the carrier,' she thought; `and how funny it'll
`Well, I'll eat it,' said Alice, `and if it makes me grow larger,
`for I never was so small as this before, never!  And I declare
a number of bathing machines in the sea, some children digging in
about you:  you must manage the best way you can; --but I must be
after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little
again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table as
all round her, about four inches deep and reaching half down the
and Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain!  I must have been
and began to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and
and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is--oh dear!
and she crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons,
and was going on shrinking rapidly:  she soon found out that the
and went to the table to measure herself by it, and found that,
and--oh dear, how puzzling it all is!  I'll try if I know all the
as he could go.
as herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of
as nearly as she could guess, she was now about two feet high,
back to the little door:  but, alas! the little door was shut
be able!  I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself
be savage if I've kept her waiting!'  Alice felt so desperate
been to the seaside once in her life, and had come to the general
before, `and things are worse than ever,' thought the poor child,
behind them a railway station.)  However, she soon made out that
boots every Christmas.'
came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, `If you please,
case I can go back by railway,' she said to herself.  (Alice had
cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped it
changed for Mabel!  I'll try and say "How doth the little--"'
child was very fond of pretending to be two people.  `But it's no
common way.
conclusion, that wherever you go to on the English coast you find
could not possibly reach it:  she could see it quite plainly
cried.
cry again.
different.  But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who in
directions will look!
distance, and she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming.
don't care which happens!'
down!  I am so VERY tired of being all alone here!'
ever was!  Good-bye, feet!' (for when she looked down at her
existence; `and now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed
fact she was now more than nine feet high, and she at once took
far off).  `Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on
feel which way it was growing, and she was quite surprised to
feet high.
feet, they seemed to be almost out of sight, they were getting so
find that she remained the same size:  to be sure, this generally
first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then
girl like you,' (she might well say this), `to go on crying in
gloves and the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard
hall.
happens when one eats cake, but Alice had got so much into the
hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!"  I shall only look
her eyes filled with tears again as she went on, `I must be Mabel
here till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!' cried Alice, with a
herself, rather sharply; `I advise you to leave off this minute!'
himself as he came, `Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess! Oh! won't she
hot, she kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking:
house, and have next to no toys to play with, and oh! ever so
idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea, `and in that
it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.
it's too bad, that it is!'
key, and when she went back to the table for it, she found she
kind to them,' thought Alice, `or perhaps they won't walk the
legs of the table, but it was too slippery; and when she had
like being that person, I'll come up:  if not, I'll stay down
little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was:  at
long ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm
many lessons to learn!  No, I've made up my mind about it; if I'm
moment, splash! she was up to her chin in salt water.  He first
morning?  I almost think I can remember feeling a little
mouse?  Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should
of croquet she was playing against herself, for this curious
oh! she knows such a very little!  Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I,
other:  he came trotting along in a great hurry, muttering to
pair of white kid gloves in one hand and a large fan in the
person!'
seem, sending presents to one's own feet!  And how odd the
seldom followed it), and sometimes she scolded herself so
severely as to bring tears into her eyes; and once she remembered
she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that
she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine
side, to look through into the garden with one eye; but to get
sir--'  The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid
strange, and the words did not come the same as they used to do:--
sudden burst of tears, `I do wish they WOULD put their heads
suppose, by being drowned in my own tears!  That WILL be a queer
sure I can't be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she,
surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little
surprised, that for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good
that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the
that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit
that?' she thought.  `I must be growing small again.'  She got up
the night?  Let me think:  was I the same when I got up this
the same, shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large pool
the sand with wooden spades, then a row of lodging houses, and
the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in
the table:  she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on
the world am I?  Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!'  And she began
them.
there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable
thing, to be sure!  However, everything is queer to-day.'
things I used to know.  Let me see:  four times five is twelve,
things went on just as usual.  I wonder if I've been changed in
think very likely it can talk:  at any rate, there's no harm in
thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age
this way!  Stop this moment, I tell you!'  But she went on all
through the glass, and she tried her best to climb up one of the
through was more hopeless than ever:  she sat down and began to
tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing sat down and
trying to box her own ears for having cheated herself in a game
trying to find her way out.  `I shall be punished for it now, I
under the door; so either way I'll get into the garden, and I
up and say "Who am I then?  Tell me that first, and then, if I
up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.
use now,' thought poor Alice, `to pretend to be two people!  Why,
way I want to go!  Let me see:  I'll give them a new pair of
way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen,
way?  Which way?', holding her hand on the top of her head to
which the words `EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants.
white kid gloves while she was talking.  `How CAN I have done
your shoes and stockings for you now, dears?  I'm sure _I_ shan't