

















































  Alice began to feel very uneasy:  to be sure, she had not as
  Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.  `It's no
  Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on
  First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped
  Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two.  Two began in a
  Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun `Well, of all
  She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering
  The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said
  The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
  The Queen smiled and passed on.
  The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave
  The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her
  The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her
  The players all played at once without waiting for turns,
  The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question
  When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped
  `And who are THESE?' said the Queen, pointing to the three
  `Are their heads off?' shouted the Queen.
  `Come on, then!' roared the Queen, and Alice joined the
  `Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.
  `Don't be impertinent,' said the King, `and don't look at me
  `Get to your places!' shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder,
  `Get up!' said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the
  `How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was
  `How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice.
  `How should I know?' said Alice, surprised at her own courage.
  `Hush!  Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.  He
  `I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King:  `however,
  `I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather
  `I see!' said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the
  `I'd rather not,' the Cat remarked.
  `Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and,
  `It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice:  `allow me
  `It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side.
  `Leave off that!' screamed the Queen.  `You make me giddy.'
  `May it please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone,
  `My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Alice very
  `No, I didn't,' said Alice:  `I don't think it's at all a pity.
  `Nonsense!' said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the
  `Not at all,' said Alice:  `she's so extremely--'  Just then
  `She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began.  Alice gave a
  `That's right!' shouted the Queen.  `Can you play croquet?'
  `Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!' the soldiers
  `Very,' said Alice:  `--where's the Duchess?'
  `What for?' said Alice.
  `Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, going up to Alice, and
  `Would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, `why you are
  `Yes!' shouted Alice.
  `You shan't be beheaded!' said Alice, and she put them into a
And then, turning to the rose-tree, she went on, `What HAVE you
Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight, and
I said "What for?"'
King's crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
King, the Queen, the royal children, and everybody else.
Off--'
Queen was silent.
She said it to the Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously
WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a
`Consider, my dear:  she is only a child!'
`It's no business of MINE.'
`Turn them over!'
a complaining tone, `and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't
a very short time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went
about for a minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly
against each other; however, they got settled down in a minute or
and if the Queen was to find it out, we should all have our heads
and looked at her, and the Queen said severely `Who is this?'
and people began running about in all directions, tumbling up
and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon
and then Alice put down her flamingo, and began an account of the
and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin again,
be a grin, and she said to herself `It's the Cheshire Cat:  now I
been doing here?'
but generally, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened
came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among them Alice
cards, after all.  I needn't be afraid of them!'
comfortably enough, under her arm, with its legs hanging down,
croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only it ran away when it
curious appearance in the air:  it puzzled her very much at
curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and
cut off, you know.  So you see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore
difficult game indeed.
every having heard of such a rule at processions; `and besides,
feet at the corners:  next the ten courtiers; these were
finishing the game.'
first, but, after watching it a minute or two, she made it out to
flamingo:  she succeeded in getting its body tucked away,
flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to
for a moment like a wild beast, screamed `Off with her head!
for instance, there's the arch I've got to go through next
frightened tone.  `The Queen will hear you!  You see, she came
furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the mallets live
game, feeling very glad she had someone to listen to her.  The
gardeners who were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as
gardeners, who ran to Alice for protection.
going down on one knee as he spoke, `we were trying--'
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
ground, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very
had all to lie down upon their faces, so that they couldn't see
happen any minute, `and then,' thought she, `what would become of
have been a RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake;
hear oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in
her face like the three gardeners, but she could not remember
her head!' about once in a minute.
himself upon tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and
in hand, in couples:  they were all ornamented with hearts.  Next
into her face.
it may kiss my hand if it likes.'
it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled
it?'  So she stood still where she was, and waited.
itself, and was in the act of crawling away:  besides all this,
large flower-pot that stood near.  The three soldiers wandered
least one of them.'  In another minute the whole head appeared,
like the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and
little scream of laughter.  `Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a
looked anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised
looked round, eager to see the Queen.
looking across the garden, called out `The Queen!  The Queen!'
looking at the Cat's head with great curiosity.
low voice, `Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to
manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without
marched off after the others.
me?  They're dreadfully fond of beheading people here; the great
mouth enough for it to speak with.
no more of it appeared.
noticing her.  Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the
ornamented all over with diamonds, and walked two and two, as the
others looked round also, and all of them bowed low.
out, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head, it
own children.
painting those roses?'
particular; at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and
politely; but she added, to herself, `Why, they're only a pack of
procession, wondering very much what would happen next.
puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing:
quarrelling all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in
rather late, and the Queen said--'
recognised the White Rabbit:  it was talking in a hurried nervous
reply.
roses.  `Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on,
saw mine coming!'
shall have somebody to talk to.'
she comes, to--'  At this moment Five, who had been anxiously
she noticed that the Queen was close behind her, listening:  so
she stood watching them, and he checked himself suddenly:  the
she went on, `--likely to win, that it's hardly worth while
shouted in reply.
soldiers did.  After these came the royal children; there were
stamping about, and shouting `Off with his head!' or `Off with
stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand
the unjust things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as
their faces.  There was a sound of many footsteps, and Alice
there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she
they were gardeners, or soldiers, or courtiers, or three of her
they were lying on their faces, and the pattern on their backs
three gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the
three of the soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate
to introduce it.'
turning to Alice, she went on, `What's your name, child?'
two, and the game began.  Alice thought she had never seen such a
use speaking to it,' she thought, `till its ears have come, or at
walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have
wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers
was evidently meant for her.
was the same as the rest of the pack, she could not tell whether
were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the
what would be the use of a procession,' thought she, `if people
whether she could get away without being seen, when she noticed a
whispered `She's under sentence of execution.'
wonder is, that there's any one left alive!'
yet had any dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might
you've no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive;