





















































                           CHAPTER VI
                         Pig and Pepper
                    CHORUS.
                    CHORUS.
                `Wow! wow! wow!'
                `Wow! wow! wow!'
          And beat him when he sneezes:
          Because he knows it teases.'
          I beat him when he sneezes;
          The pepper when he pleases!'
        For he can thoroughly enjoy
        He only does it to annoy,
        `I speak severely to my boy,
        `Speak roughly to your little boy,
    (In which the cook and the baby joined):--
  Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-
  Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought
  Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant
  Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into
  Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
  As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it,
  At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate
  For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and
  It was so long since she had been anything near the right size,
  It was, no doubt:  only Alice did not like to be told so.
  She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice
  The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great
  The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for
  The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into
  The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of
  Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled
  There was certainly too much of it in the air.  Even the
  While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept
  `--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone,
  `ARE you to get in at all?' said the Footman.  `That's the
  `Anything you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling.
  `But what am I to do?' said Alice.
  `Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!' the Duchess said
  `How am I to get in?' asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
  `I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I
  `I don't know of any that do,' Alice said very politely,
  `I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, `till tomorrow--'
  `If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a
  `It's a Cheshire cat,' said the Duchess, `and that's why.
  `Oh, PLEASE mind what you're doing!' cried Alice, jumping up
  `Oh, don't bother ME,' said the Duchess; `I never could abide
  `Oh, there's no use in talking to him,' said Alice desperately:
  `Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for
  `Please, then,' said Alice, `how am I to get in?'
  `Talking of axes,' said the Duchess, `chop off her head!'
  `There might be some sense in your knocking,' the Footman went
  `There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to
  `There's no sort of use in knocking,' said the Footman, `and
  `They all can,' said the Duchess; `and most of 'em do.'
  `Which would NOT be an advantage,' said Alice, who felt very
  `You don't know much,' said the Duchess; `and that's a fact.'
(which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep
--the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans,
Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their
Duchess sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was
Pig!'
VERY nearly at the top of his head.  But at any rate he might
`It's really dreadful,' she muttered to herself, `the way all the
`Whoever lives there,' thought Alice, `it'll never do to come
`he's perfectly idiotic!'  And she opened the door and went in.
a most extraordinary noise going on within--a constant howling
again:--
and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from
and down in an agony of terror.  `Oh, there goes his PRECIOUS
and kept doubling itself up and straightening itself out again,
and night!  You see the earth takes twenty-four hours to turn
and sneezing, and every now and then a great crash, as if a dish
another!  However, I've got back to my right size:  the next
answer questions.--How am I to get in?' she repeated, aloud.
are!  I'm never sure what I'm going to be, from one minute to
as she could do to hold it.
be full of soup.
because he was in livery:  otherwise, judging by his face only,
behind him.
behind?'  She said the last words out loud, and the little thing
but it just missed her.
came skimming out, straight at the Footman's head:  it just
carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the other, and
conversation.  While she was trying to fix on one, the cook took
creatures argue.  It's enough to drive one crazy!'
crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
didn't know that cats COULD grin.'
directions, `just like a star-fish,' thought Alice.  The poor
does.'
don't take this child away with me,' thought Alice, `they're sure
done, I wonder?'  As she said this, she came suddenly upon an
door as you are; secondly, because they're making such a noise
down to nine inches high.
ear to ear.
exactly as if nothing had happened.
feeling quite pleased to have got into a conversation.
few minutes, and began talking to herself, as usual.  `Come,
figures!'  And with that she began nursing her child again,
first question, you know.'
get ready to play croquet with the Queen,' and she hurried out of
glad to get an opportunity of showing off a little of her
grazed his nose, and broke to pieces against one of the trees
ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
grunt,' said Alice; `that's not at all a proper way of expressing
grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).  `Don't
he was speaking, and this Alice thought decidedly uncivil.  `But
heads.  She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and
herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
hoarse growl, `the world would go round a deal faster than it
hours, I THINK; or is it twelve?  I--'
howled so, that Alice could hardly hear the words:--
inside, no one could possibly hear you.'  And certainly there was
instance, if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let
invitation from the Queen to play croquet.'  The Frog-Footman
it would be as well to introduce some other subject of
knowledge.  `Just think of what work it would make with the day
leaning over the fire, stirring a large cauldron which seemed to
letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to
little thing was snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it,
nearly carried it off.
nose'; as an unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and very
not venture to go near the house till she had brought herself
on without attending to her, `if we had the door between us.  For
only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook,
open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
or kettle had been broken to pieces.
out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the
perhaps he can't help it,' she said to herself; `his eyes are so
plates, and dishes.  The Duchess took no notice of them even when
quite jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed
repeated, in the same solemn tone, only changing the order of the
repeating his remark, with variations.  `I shall sit here,' he
round on its axis--'
running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman
said, `on and off, for days and days.'
seemed not to be listening, so she went on again:  `Twenty-four
shaped little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all
she was not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to
she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door
singing a sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a
smoke from one end to the other:  the Duchess was sitting on a
sneezing and howling alternately without a moment's pause.  The
so that altogether, for the first minute or two, it was as much
speak first, `why your cat grins like that?'
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
that for two reasons.  First, because I'm on the same side of the
that it felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a
the cauldron of soup off the fire, and at once set to work
the other, saying, in a solemn tone, `For the Duchess.  An
the room.  The cook threw a frying-pan after her as she went out,
the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped
there's half my plan done now!  How puzzling all these changes
they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already, that it
thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be
three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was
throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby
tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its
to Alice, flinging the baby at her as she spoke.  `I must go and
to kill it in a day or two:  wouldn't it be murder to leave it
to play croquet.'
to take the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and
to the baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on
together.
tossing the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing
undoing itself,) she carried it out into the open air.  `IF I
upon them THIS size:  why, I should frighten them out of their
violent shake at the end of every line:
was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
with a round face, and large eyes like a frog; and both footmen,
with his knuckles.  It was opened by another footman in livery,
wits!'  So she began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did
wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came
words a little, `From the Queen.  An invitation for the Duchess
you out, you know.'  He was looking up into the sky all the time
yourself.'