




































































                           CHAPTER XI
                      Who Stole the Tarts?
              [later editions continued as follows
         dance?
         dance?"'
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
        Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!'
        Beautiful, beautiful Soup!
        Beautiful, beautiful Soup!'
        [later editions continued as follows
        the dance.
    "You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair."
    And concluded the banquet--]
    And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
    As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
    But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
    Game, or any other dish?
    His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
    How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'
    Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
    Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
    Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
    Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
    Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
    The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
    Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.'
    Waiting in a hot tureen!
    Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
    When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
    When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
    While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
    While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
    Who for such dainties would not stoop?
    Who would not give all else for two p
    Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the
    Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the
    Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join
    `'Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
    `Beautiful Soup!  Who cares for fish,
    `Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
    `I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
    `Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
    ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
  Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would
  Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had
  Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she
  Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her
  Alice was thoroughly puzzled.  `Does the boots and shoes!' she
  So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when
  The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when
  The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes
  The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown
  `And what are they made of?' Alice asked in a tone of great
  `Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep
  `But about his toes?' the Mock Turtle persisted.  `How COULD
  `Chorus again!' cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had
  `Come on!' cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand,
  `Don't you mean "purpose"?' said Alice.
  `Explain all that,' said the Mock Turtle.
  `Go on with the next verse,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently:
  `How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat
  `I believe so,' Alice replied thoughtfully.  `They have their
  `I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the
  `I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,'
  `I don't know where Dinn may be,' said the Mock Turtle, `but
  `I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended
  `I never thought about it,' said Alice.  `Why?'
  `I should like to have it explained,' said the Mock Turtle.
  `IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.' the Gryphon replied very
  `If I'd been the whiting,' said Alice, whose thoughts were
  `It all came different!' the Mock Turtle repeated
  `It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon.
  `It's the first position in dancing.' Alice said; but was
  `No, no!  The adventures first,' said the Gryphon in an
  `Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle:  `why, if a fish came
  `Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,'
  `Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, `they--you've
  `Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the
  `She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily.  `Go on with
  `Soles and eels, of course,' the Gryphon replied rather
  `Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said
  `Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' said
  `Thank you,' said Alice, `it's very interesting.  I never knew
  `That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,'
  `The reason is,' said the Gryphon, `that they WOULD go with
  `They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle
  `Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; `but it
  `What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle
  `What trial is it?' Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon
  `Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?' said the Gryphon.  `I
  `Wouldn't it really?' said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
  `Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon:  and
  `Yes,' said Alice, `I've often seen them at dinn--' she
  `You're wrong about the crumbs,' said the Mock Turtle:
"There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
Alice replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather
Alice was only too glad to do so.
Alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last:  `and I do so
FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the words all coming
Gryphon went on.  `Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you
Gryphon.  `Do you know why it's called a whiting?'
However, she got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so
Soup," will you, old fellow?'
The further off from England the nearer is to France--
Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
`"What matters it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied.
`That's very curious.'
`crumbs would all wash off in the sea.  But they HAVE their tails
`it begins "I passed by his garden."'
a song?'
adventures.'
again.
all come wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--
back, please:  we don't want YOU with us!"'
checked herself hastily.
choked with sobs, to sing this:--
curiosity.
different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath, and said
dish of tarts upon it:  they looked so good, that it made Alice
dreadfully puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the
each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit,
each side, and opened their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she
faintly came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the
full of the Lobster Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was
gained courage as she went on.  Her listeners were perfectly
gave her answer.  `They're done with blacking, I believe.'
hands, wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way
he turn them out with his nose, you know?'
her, to pass away the time.
if he thought it had some kind of authority over Alice.
if you've seen them so often, of course you know what they're
impatient tone:  `explanations take such a dreadful time.'
impatiently:  `any shrimp could have told you that.'
in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle
interrupted, `if you don't explain it as you go on?  It's by far
it hurried off, without waiting for the end of the song.
it just at first, the two creatures got so close to her, one on
judge,' she said to herself, `because of his great wig.'
just begun to repeat it, when a cry of `The trial's beginning!'
lessons!' thought Alice; `I might as well be at school at once.'
like that curious song about the whiting!'
like.'
mean, what makes them so shiny?'
melancholy words:--
of little birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards:
offended tone, `Hm! No accounting for tastes!  Sing her "Turtle
only answered `Come on!' and ran the faster, while more and more
other.  In the very middle of the court was a table, with a large
over the wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he
quiet till she got to the part about her repeating `YOU ARE OLD,
quite hungry to look at them--`I wish they'd get the trial done,'
read about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that
repeated in a wondering tone.
said Alice a little timidly:  `but it's no use going back to
said the Gryphon.
said:  `no wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'
saying, and the words came very queer indeed:--
seen them, of course?'
she first saw the White Rabbit.  She was a little nervous about
she knew the name of nearly everything there.  `That's the
she thought, `and hand round the refreshments!'  But there seemed
so much about a whiting before.'
solemnly.
something now.  Tell her to begin.'  He looked at the Gryphon as
sounds uncommon nonsense.'
still running on the song, `I'd have said to the porpoise, "Keep
subject.
tails in their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'
that,' he said to the Gryphon.
the Gryphon.
the Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on
the lobsters to the dance.  So they got thrown out to sea.  So
the most confusing thing I ever heard!'
the next verse.'
their mouths.  So they couldn't get them out again.  That's all.'
they arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts
they had to fall a long way.  So they got their tails fast in
thoughtfully.  `I should like to hear her try and repeat
to ME, and told me he was going a journey, I should say "With
to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about
tone.  And the Gryphon added `Come, let's hear some of YOUR
voice, `are done with a whiting.  Now you know.'
was heard in the distance.
what porpoise?"'
with a trumpet in one hand, and a scroll of parchment in the
yawned and shut his eyes.--`Tell her about the reason and all
yesterday, because I was a different person then.'