













































                           CHAPTER III
                  A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
  Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand
  Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked
  At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among
  First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, (`the
  It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded
  So she called softly after it, `Mouse dear!  Do come back
  The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on,
  The first question of course was, how to get dry again:  they
  The next thing was to eat the comfits:  this caused some noise
  Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo
  They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the
  This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of
  `Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, `are you all ready?
  `As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone:  `it doesn't
  `But she must have a prize herself, you know,' said the Mouse.
  `But who is to give the prizes?' quite a chorus of voices
  `Found IT,' the Mouse replied rather crossly:  `of course you
  `Found WHAT?' said the Duck.
  `Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.
  `I beg your pardon!' said the Mouse, frowning, but very
  `I know what "it" means well enough, when I find a thing,' said
  `I thought you did,' said the Mouse.  `--I proceed.  "Edwin and
  `I won't indeed!' said Alice, in a great hurry to change the
  `In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, `I
  `It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with
  `Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, turning to
  `Not I!' said the Lory hastily.
  `Not like cats!' cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate
  `Of course,' the Dodo replied very gravely.  `What else have
  `Only a thimble,' said Alice sadly.
  `Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Alice; `I
  `Speak English!' said the Eaglet.  `I don't know the meaning of
  `Ugh!' said the Lory, with a shiver.
  `We indeed!' cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end
  `Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a soothing tone:  `don't be
  `What I was going to say,' said the Dodo in an offended tone,
  `What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much
  `Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with
  `Why,' said the Dodo, `the best way to explain it is to do it.'
  `You promised to tell me your history, you know,' said Alice,
"William the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was
(Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse:
(And, as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly
Alice, and sighing.
Conqueror.'  (For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had
Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious
He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a
I think you'd take a fancy to cats if you could only see her.
Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him:
Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria--"'
Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, and
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself,
The Mouse did not answer, so Alice went on eagerly:  `There is
There was exactly one a-piece all round.
This is the driest thing I know.  Silence all round, if you please!
`"--found it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William
`and why it is you hate--C and D,' she added in a whisper, half
`was, that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.'
afraid that it would be offended again.
again, and we won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't
always HATED cats:  nasty, low, vulgar things!  Don't let me hear
an hour or so, and were quite dry again, the Dodo suddenly called
and asking, `But who has won?'
and confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not
and even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found
and left off when they liked, so that it was not easy to know
and offer him the crown.  William's conduct at first was
and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was,
and would only say, `I am older than you, and must know better';
and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age, there was no
angry about it.  And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah:
anxiously fixed on it, for she felt sure she would catch a bad
as she swam lazily about in the pool, `and she sits purring so
asked.
bank--the birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their
began again:  `Ou est ma chatte?' which was the first sentence in
brown hair!  And it'll fetch things when you throw them, and
calling out in a confused way, `Prizes! Prizes!'
can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer, you
certain it must be really offended.  `We won't talk about her any
cold if she did not get dry very soon.
creatures.  Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the
daresay it's a French mouse, come over with William the
day, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.)
either!'  And the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile:
energetic remedies--'
exact shape doesn't matter,' it said,) and then all the party
eyes, but it said nothing.
for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she felt
fur clinging close to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and
getting on now, my dear?' it continued, turning to Alice as it
had a consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed
half those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do
her French lesson-book.  The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the
in a ring, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
in her pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt
in the pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence.  At
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little
it advisable--"'
it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts of things--I
its forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare,
know what "it" means.'
know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds!
last the Dodo said, `EVERYBODY has won, and all must have
like them!'  When the Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam
looking as solemn as she could.
making quite a commotion in the pool as it went.
moderate.  But the insolence of his Normans--"  How are you
more if you'd rather not.'
more to be said.
mouse--a mouse--O mouse!'  The Mouse looked at her rather
move that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more
nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and
no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.)  So she
of his tail.  `As if I would talk on such a subject!  Our family
of late much accustomed to usurpation and conquest.  Edwin and
one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her,
one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice again,
ought to speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
out `The race is over!' and they all crowded round it, panting,
politely:  `Did you speak?'
poor animal's feelings.  `I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'
prizes.'
quite a long argument with the Lory, who at last turned sulky,
quite natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with
ring, with the Mouse in the middle.  Alice kept her eyes
seem to dry me at all.'
seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, `A mouse--of a mouse--to a
she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having
she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's such a capital
shore.
slowly back to her:  its face was quite pale (with passion, Alice
so grave that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not
solemnly presented the thimble, saying `We beg your acceptance of
some of the other birds tittered audibly.
soon make you dry enough!'  They all sat down at once, in a large
soon submitted to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been
sorrowful tone, `I'm afraid I've offended it again!'  For the
speech, they all cheered.
spoke.
subject of conversation.  `Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?'
such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show you!
taste theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on
the Duck:  `it's generally a frog or a worm.  The question is,
the back.  However, it was over at last, and they sat down again
the name again!'
the shore, and then I'll tell you my history, and you'll
them, as if she had known them all her life.  Indeed, she had
them, called out, `Sit down, all of you, and listen to me!  I'LL
think of anything to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble,
this elegant thimble'; and, when it had finished this short
this pool?  I am very tired of swimming about here, O Mouse!'
thought), and it said in a low trembling voice, `Let us get to
thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon
to know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY
trying.'  So she began:  `O Mouse, do you know the way out of
two, three, and away,' but they began running when they liked,
uncomfortable.
understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.'
voice.  `Would YOU like cats if you were me?'
water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes.
water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.  `Oh, I beg
were placed along the course, here and there.  There was no `One,
what did the archbishop find?'
when the race was over.  However, when they had been running half
with the birds and animals that had fallen into it:  there were a
wonder at the Mouse's tail; `but why do you call it sad?'  And
you got in your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.
your pardon!' cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt the