













































                            CHAPTER V
                    Advice from a Caterpillar
  Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all
  An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round
  Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of
  It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and
  Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (`That's Bill,'
  Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--`Pat! Pat!  Where are
  She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and
  She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of
  She waited for some time without hearing anything more:  at
  So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find
  The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
  The first thing she heard was a general chorus of `There goes
  The great question certainly was, what?  Alice looked all round
  There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to
  There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear
  This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape;
  This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.  Alice
  Which brought them back again to the beginning of the
  `A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to
  `An arm, you goose!   Who ever saw one that size?  Why, it
  `And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice, as she
  `Digging for apples, indeed!' said the Rabbit angrily.  `Here!
  `I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, `because
  `I don't see,' said the Caterpillar.
  `I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very
  `It isn't,' said the Caterpillar.
  `Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar.
  `Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'
  `Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?' said
  `So you did, old fellow!' said the others.
  `Sure, it does, yer honour:  but it's an arm for all that.'
  `Sure, it's an arm, yer honour!'  (He pronounced it `arrum.')
  `The first thing I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she
  `We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and
  `Well, it's got no business there, at any rate:  go and take it
  `Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; `but
  `Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,' said Alice;
  `What do you mean by that?' said the Caterpillar sternly.
  `Who are YOU?' said the Caterpillar.
  `You!' said the Caterpillar contemptuously.  `Who are YOU?'
-Here, Bill! catch hold of this rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind
Alice called out as loud as she could, `If you do.  I'll set
Alice to herself.  `Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill!
Bill!' then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him, you by the
Bill's got the other--Bill! fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up
Come and help me out of THIS!'  (Sounds of more broken glass.)
Dinah at you!'
I must have been changed several times since then.'
I think that will be the best plan.'
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal:  this fireplace is
I'm here!  Digging for apples, yer honour!'
I'm not myself, you see.'
The poor little Lizard, Bill, was in the middle, being held up by
They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared; but she
What happened to you?  Tell us all about it!'
`Explain yourself!'
`I'll put a stop to this,' she said to herself, and shouted out,
`Poor little thing!' said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried
`Where's the other ladder?--Why, I hadn't to bring but one;
`You'd better not do that again!' which produced another dead
`all I know is, it would feel very queer to ME.'
about anxiously among the trees, a little sharp bark just over
about the same height as herself; and when she had looked under
above her:  then, saying to herself `This is Bill,' she gave one
again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the
and a crash of broken glass, from which she concluded that it was
and rushed at the stick, and made believe to worry it; then Alice
and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden.
anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under
at least I know who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think
at this corner--No, tie 'em together first--they don't reach half
away!'
barrowful will do, to begin with.'
began moving about again, and Alice heard the Rabbit say, `A
being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing.'
better now--but I'm a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know
can't possibly make me larger, it must make me smaller, I
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded,
conversation.  Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's
crash)--`Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I fancy--Who's to go
dear!  I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again!  Let
distance.
dodged behind a great thistle, to keep herself from being run
don't want to stay in here any longer!'
doubt, for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came
down a good way off, panting, with its tongue hanging out of its
down the chimney?--Nay, I shan't! YOU do it!--That I won't,
drink something or other; but the great question is, what?'
enough to get through the door, she ran out of the house, and
eyes, and feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her.
feel it a little queer, won't you?'
fills the whole window!'
found quite a crowd of little animals and birds waiting outside.
get hold of anything, but she heard a little shriek and a fall,
go down the chimney!'
good many voice all talking together:  she made out the words:
hard to whistle to it; but she was terribly frightened all the
hedge!' then silence, and then another confusion of voices--`Hold
her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see
her head made her look up in a great hurry.
herself, `I wonder what they WILL do next!  If they had any
high enough yet--Oh! they'll do well enough; don't be particular-
honour, at all, at all!'  `Do as I tell you, you coward!' and at
idea came into her head.  `If I eat one of these cakes,' she
into the air off all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight,
is, something comes at me like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes
it, and on both sides of it, and behind it, it occurred to her
its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was very
just possible it had fallen into a cucumber-frame, or something
know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll
last came a rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a
last she spread out her hand again, and made another snatch in
leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself
like a sky-rocket!'
like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head over heels in
me see--how IS it to be managed?  I suppose I ought to eat or
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle
mouth, and addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
mouth, and its great eyes half shut.
must be!' thought Alice.  `I wonder what they'll do next!  As for
narrow, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'
of breath, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the
of her or of anything else.
of the sort.
over; and the moment she appeared on the other side, the puppy
politely, `for I can't understand it myself to begin with; and
pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD!  I'm sure I
quietly smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice
ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself safe in a
rattling in at the window, and some of them hit her in the face.
replied, rather shyly, `I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--
sense, they'd take the roof off.'  After a minute or two, they
sharp kick, and waited to see what would happen next.
silence.
silence:  at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its
simply arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the
smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering
so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out
sort it was) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close
sounds of broken glass.  `What a number of cucumber-frames there
spread out her hand, and made a snatch in the air.  She did not
stick, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped
stick, running a very little way forwards each time and a long
suppose.'
that loose slate--Oh, it's coming down!  Heads below!' (a loud
that she began shrinking directly.  As soon as she was small
that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it.
the air.  This time there were TWO little shrieks, and more
the circumstances.  There was a large mushroom growing near her,
the mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large
then!--Bill's to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you're to
thick wood.
thought Alice,) `Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm
thought, `it's sure to make SOME change in my size; and as it
time at the thought that it might be hungry, in which case it
turning into little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright
two guinea-pigs, who were giving it something out of a bottle.
up his head--Brandy now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow?
very much, if--if I'd only been the right size to do it!  Oh
waited till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what
wandered about in the wood, `is to grow to my right size again;
way back, and barking hoarsely all the while, till at last it sat
when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you
whispers now and then; such as, `Sure, I don't like it, yer
with one of the leaves:  `I should have liked teaching it tricks
would be very likely to eat her up in spite of all her coaxing.
you?'  And then a voice she had never heard before, `Sure then