






























































                           CHAPTER IX
                     The Mock Turtle's Story
   The Cat's head began fading away the moment he was gone, and,
  Alice could think of nothing else to say but `It belongs to the
  Alice did not much like keeping so close to her:  first,
  Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game
  Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and
  All the time they were playing the Queen never left off
  As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low
  But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died
  By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back,
  She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a
  The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
  The King's argument was, that anything that had a head could be
  The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great
  The Queen's argument was, that if something wasn't done about
  The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a
  The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog,
  The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to
  The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence,
  Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to
  When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to
  `'Tis so,' said the Duchess:  `and the moral of that is--"Oh,
  `A cat may look at a king,' said Alice.  `I've read that in
  `A cheap sort of present!' thought Alice.  `I'm glad they don't
  `A fine day, your Majesty!' the Duchess began in a low, weak
  `Ah, well!  It means much the same thing,' said the Duchess,
  `Come on, then,' said the Queen, `and he shall tell you his
  `HE might bite,' Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all
  `How fond she is of finding morals in things!' Alice thought to
  `I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your
  `I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.
  `I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; `and the moral of
  `I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very
  `I'll fetch the executioner myself,' said the King eagerly, and
  `I've a right to think,' said Alice sharply, for she was
  `It's a mineral, I THINK,' said Alice.
  `It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.
  `Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, `as pigs have to
  `Let's go on with the game,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice
  `No,' said Alice.  `I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.'
  `Now, I give you fair warning,' shouted the Queen, stamping on
  `Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree
  `Oh, I know!' exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this
  `Oh, don't talk about trouble!' said the Duchess.  `I make you
  `Only mustard isn't a bird,' Alice remarked.
  `Perhaps it hasn't one,' Alice ventured to remark.
  `Pray don't trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,'
  `Right, as usual,' said the Duchess:  `what a clear way you
  `She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner:  `fetch
  `Somebody said,' Alice whispered, `that it's done by everybody
  `That's nothing to what I could say if I chose,' the Duchess
  `The game's going on rather better now,' she said, by way of
  `Thinking again?' the Duchess asked, with another dig of her
  `Tut, tut, child!' said the Duchess.  `Everything's got a
  `Very true,' said the Duchess:  `flamingoes and mustard both
  `Well, it must be removed,' said the King very decidedly, and
  `When I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, (not in a very
  `You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old
'tis love, 'tis love, that makes the world go round!"'
(It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so
ALL.  Soup does very well without--Maybe it's always pepper that
Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up
Alice, `Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'
Duchess:  you'd better ask HER about it.'
King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and under sentence of
THAT'S a good thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite
`You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you
`and the moral of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the
`but it doesn't matter much,' thought Alice, `as all the arches
a little more conversation with her friend.
a present of everything I've said as yet.'
and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.  However, she did not
and looked very uncomfortable.
and such things that make children sweet-tempered.  I only wish
and that in about half no time!  Take your choice!'
and there stood the Queen in front of them, with her arms folded,
and were resting in the shade:  however, the moment they saw her,
anxious to have the experiment tried.
are gone from this side of the ground.'  So she tucked it away
arm that was linked into hers began to tremble.  Alice looked up,
as you say it.'
at HIS time of life.
away, even in the middle of her favourite word `moral,' and the
back to the croquet-ground.
because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was
been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared
beginning to feel a little worried.
beheaded, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.
bite.  And the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock
by the time he had come back with the Dutchess, it had entirely
closer to Alice's side as she spoke.
digging her sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added,
disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and
doubtful about the temper of your flamingo.  Shall I try the
down looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.
exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder,
execution.
experiment?'
find quite a large crowd collected round it:  there was a dispute
flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden, where
fly; and the m--'
forget to talk.  I can't tell you just now what the moral of that
frowning like a thunderstorm.
give birthday presents like that!'  But she did not venture to
going on between the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who
grave and anxious.)
have of putting things!'
having found out a new kind of rule, `and vinegar that makes them
he called the Queen, who was passing at the moment, `My dear!  I
he hurried off.
head unless there was a body to cut it off from:  that he had
head!' or `Off with her head!'  Those whom she sentenced were
her here.'  And the executioner went off like an arrow.
here.  And the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, the
herself.
history,'
hopeful tone though), `I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT
into Alice's, and they walked off together.
into a tree.
is, but I shall remember it in a bit.'
is.'
it in less than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round.
keeping up the conversation a little.
know--'
last remark, `it's a vegetable.  It doesn't look like one, but it
less there is of yours."'
like that!'  He got behind Alice as he spoke.
like to be rude, so she bore it as well as she could.
little startled when she heard her voice close to her ear.
made her so savage when they met in the kitchen.
makes people hot-tempered,' she went on, very much pleased at
minding their own business!'
moment's delay would cost them their lives.
moral, if only you can find it.'  And she squeezed herself up
more simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than
never had to do such a thing before, and he wasn't going to begin
not.  So she went in search of her hedgehog.
of the players to be executed for having missed their turns, and
of them with the other:  the only difficulty was, that her
off being arches to do this, so that by the end of half an hour
or small.  `Off with his head!' she said, without even looking
or so there were no arches left, and all the players, except the
people knew that:  then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, you
politely, `if I had it written down:  but I can't quite follow it
quarrelling with the other players, and shouting `Off with his
replied, in a pleased tone.
round.
said Alice.
say it out loud.
screaming with passion.  She had already heard her sentence three
settle the question, and they repeated their arguments to her,
sharp little chin.
she did not like the look of things at all, as the game was in
some book, but I don't remember where.'
sounds will take care of themselves."'
sour--and camomile that makes them bitter--and--and barley-sugar
such confusion that she never knew whether it was her turn or
taken into custody by the soldiers, who of course had to leave
that is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put
the fight was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight:
the ground as she spoke; `either you or your head must be off,
they hurried back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a
thing!' said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately
though, as they all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed
thought to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had
to everything that Alice said; `there's a large mustard-mine near
to make out exactly what they said.
to them to be otherwise."'
together."'
under her arm, that it might not escape again, and went back for
voice, to the company generally, `You are all pardoned.'  `Come,
voice.
waist,' the Duchess said after a pause:  `the reason is, that I'm
was going on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance,
was too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her
were all talking at once, while all the rest were quite silent,
what it might appear to others that what you were or might have
which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one
wish you would have this cat removed!'