


































































          (Before she had this fit)
          (We know it to be true):
          And mentioned me to him:
          Between yourself and me.'
          But said I could not swim.
          Exactly as we were.
          For this must ever be
          Him, and ourselves, and it.
          Involved in this affair,
          Though they were mine before.
          What would become of you?
          You gave us three or more;
        A secret, kept from all the rest,
        An obstacle that came between
        Don't let him know she liked them best,
        He sent them word I had not gone
        He trusts to you to set them free,
        I gave her one, they gave him two,
        If I or she should chance to be
        If she should push the matter on,
        My notion was that you had been
        She gave me a good character,
        They all returned from him to you,
        `They told me you had been to her,
  Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she
  As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of
  At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily
  At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying
  But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her
  Everybody looked at Alice.
  First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the
  Some of the jury wrote it down `important,' and some
  The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.
  The Knave shook his head sadly.  `Do I look like it?' he said.
  The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.  `Where shall I begin,
  The jury all wrote down on their slates, `SHE doesn't believe
  There was a general clapping of hands at this:  it was the
  These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--
  `All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering
  `Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of
  `Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, `and go on
  `But, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,"' said
  `He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King.
  `Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, turning purple.
  `I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, `but it seems
  `I won't!' said Alice.
  `I'M not a mile high,' said Alice.
  `If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had
  `If there's no meaning in it,' said the King, `that saves a
  `If you didn't sign it,' said the King, `that only makes the
  `It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; `in fact,
  `It must have been that,' said the King, `unless it was
  `It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice.  `Why, you don't
  `It's a pun!' the King added in an offended tone, and
  `It's the oldest rule in the book,' said the King.
  `Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen.
  `Never!' said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the
  `No, no!' said the Queen.  `Sentence first--verdict afterwards.'
  `No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, `and that's the
  `Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King.
  `Nothing whatever,' said Alice.
  `Nothing,' said Alice.
  `Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.
  `Oh, I BEG your pardon!' she exclaimed in a tone of great
  `Oh, I've had such a curious dream!' said Alice, and she told
  `Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, `I didn't write it, and
  `Read them,' said the King.
  `Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly.  `The idea of having
  `That PROVES his guilt,' said the Queen.
  `That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,'
  `That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury.
  `The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave
  `Then it ought to be Number One,' said Alice.
  `Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round
  `There's more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,' said
  `UNimportant, of course, I meant,' the King hastily said, and
  `Wake up, Alice dear!' said her sister; `Why, what a long
  `Well, I shan't go, at any rate,' said Alice:  `besides,
  `What do you know about this business?' the King said to
  `What's in it?' said the Queen.
  `Who cares for you?' said Alice, (she had grown to her full
  `Who is it directed to?' said one of the jurymen.
  `Why, there they are!' said the King triumphantly, pointing to
  `You are,' said the King.
(The jury all brightened up again.)
(Which he certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)
ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as
Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and
Alice.
Alice.
HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'
King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
Lizard as she spoke.  (The unfortunate little Bill had left off
Nobody moved.
Then again--"BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--"  you never had fits, my
They were just beginning to write this down on their slates, when
`Consider your verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling
`unimportant.'  Alice could see this, as she was near enough to
afraid of interrupting him,) `I'll give him sixpence.  _I_ don't
and put back into the jury-box, or they would die.
as he spoke, and added `It isn't a letter, after all:  it's a set
being upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and
believe there's an atom of meaning in it.'
brushing away some dead leaves that had fluttered down from the
can't swim, can you?' he added, turning to the Knave.
curious dream, dear, certainly:  but now run in to your tea; it's
dear, I think?' he said to the Queen.
dismay, and began picking them up again as quickly as she could,
down upon her:  she gave a little scream, half of fright and half
dreaming after a fashion, and this was her dream:--
even know what they're about!'
everybody laughed, `Let the jury consider their verdict,' the
explain the paper.
first really clever thing the King had said that day.
for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head, and
from his book, `Rule Forty-two.  ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE
gazing up into the roof of the court.
getting late.'  So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she
grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit
had put the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing
handed back to them, they set to work very diligently to write
have signed your name like an honest man.'
he said do.
head on her hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of
her sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange
her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset
it signifies much,' she said to herself; `I should think it
just been picked up.'
knee, and looking at them with one eye; `I seem to see some
little Alice and all her wonderful Adventures, till she too began
look over their slates; `but it doesn't matter a bit,' she
making faces at him as he spoke.
mark; but he now hastily began again, using the ink, that was
matter worse.  You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd
meaning in them, after all.  "--SAID I COULD NOT SWIM--" you
of anger, and tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on
of course,' he said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and
of the crowd below, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding
of verses.'
out a history of the accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed
over the verses to himself:  `"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's
please your Majesty?' he asked.
queerest thing about it.'  (The jury all looked puzzled.)
ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had been.
said the King, rubbing his hands; `so now let the jury--'
she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once
size by this time.)  `You're nothing but a pack of cards!'
sleep you've had!'
sounded best.
that must be what he did with the tarts, you know--'
that's not a regular rule:  you invented it just now.'
the White Rabbit interrupted:  `UNimportant, your Majesty means,
the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; `this paper has
the bank, with her head in the lap of her sister, who was gently
the court with a smile.  There was a dead silence.
the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads
the jury, of course-- "I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why,
the sentence first!'
the tarts on the table.  `Nothing can be clearer than THAT.
the wandering hair that WOULD always get into her eyes--and
the week before.
there's an atom of meaning in it,' but none of them attempted to
there's nothing written on the OUTSIDE.'  He unfolded the paper
they can't prove I did:  there's no name signed at the end.'
they jurymen.
thought to herself.
till you come to the end:  then stop.'
tiny hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes
to be a letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'
to move.  She soon got it out again, and put it right; `not that
too much overcome to do anything but sit with its mouth open,
trees upon her face.
trickling down his face, as long as it lasted.)
unimportant--important--' as if he were trying which word
voice, `until all the jurymen are back in their proper places--
voice, and see that queer little toss of her head to keep back
voice.
was waving its tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable
went on to himself in an undertone, `important--unimportant--
were looking up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her
when she had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, `It WAS a
world of trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any.  And
would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.'
writing in his note-book, cackled out `Silence!' and read out
writing on his slate with one finger, as he found it made no
written to nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'
yet I don't know,' he went on, spreading out the verses on his